Style link dialog in rich text block (#3343)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/quiet-cows-tickle.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
---

> Adapt styling of `LinkDialog` in RTE, and `LinkBlock` to match the Comet DXP design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adapt styling of the link dialog in `createRichTextBlock` to match the Comet DXP design
```
